fixing entrypoint to provide jasper specific config under /bitnami/jasperreports-mounted-conf (#104)
bitnami/bitnami-docker-jasperreports: README.md

$ docker-compose up -d
```

### Provide jasper specific file config

```diff
  ...
  jasperreports:
    image: docker.io/bitnami/jasperreports:7
    ports:
      - '80:8080'
    volumes:
      - 'jasperreports_data:/bitnami/jasperreports'

> #     if you want to provide your own jasper config, add the line below
> #     - ${PWD}/config:/bitnami/jasperreports-mounted-conf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     # The line below allows you to provide your own JasperReports configuration files, to be copied to WEB-INF
     - "./config:/opt/bitnami/jasperreports/mounted-conf"
```

> # - "./config:/opt/bitnami/jasperreports/mounted-conf"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# - "./config:/bitnami/jasperreports/mounted-conf"
```

Author: it's should be resolved now @rafariossaa
